# Damn Vulnerable Web App Guide 2019
A compilation of solutions and various notes for the Damn Vulnerable Web App (DVWA) pentesting tool, intended to be accurate as of 2Q 2019.

<b><i>Please note the following restrictions and caveats. Please read them in full. Continuing to read or interact with this repo in any manner signifies consent to these terms.</i></b>
<ol type="1">
  <li>I will always assume you have the following already set up:
    <ol type="a">
      <li>A fully-updated version of <a href=https://www.kali.org/downloads/ target="_blank">Kali</a>, with Firefox, Burp Suite, and whatever other tools you find interesting configured appropriately. I used Kali 4.19.0 x64 in a VM.</li>
      <li>A fully-updated web server with <a href=https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html target="_blank">XAMPP</a> installed and configured. I used <a href=https://www.ubuntu.com/download/ target="_blank">Ubuntu 18.04 LTS</a> with GNOME, also in a VM.</li>
      <li>Connectivity between (i) and (ii). That is, you should be able to visit the IP of your web server in your Kali browser and see and interact with the XAMPP dashboard without issue. I also made a quick addition to my /etc/hosts in Kali, associating the IP of my web server to the hostname "dvwa". That's up to you though.</li>
      <li><a href=http://www.dvwa.co.uk/ target="_blank">The Damn Vulnerable Web App</a> (DVWA) installed and configured correctly on your web server. I put mine in /dvwa/, but I believe the default folder is named something different. Hence, I can access my DVWA instance at http://dvwa/dvwa/ .</li>
    </ol>
  <br>
  I will not be writing a guide on how to do any of the above steps. With all due respect, if you can't get this far, pentesting probably isn't for you just yet. Don't feel bad though! I'm an IT security professional and still regularly run into issues, or have to re-look up how to do the simplest things. It's just the way the world works for people like us. I'll be happy to provide hints if you need them, in private. Otherwise, I'd recommend coming back to this when you're comfortable doing all of the above yourself.
    <br><br>
  </li>
  <li>This is not comprehensive by any means. I'm mostly just uploading my notes as I get to each module, and I have no real intention to complete all aspects of the DVWA. It's all for fun, as things like this should be.</li>
  <li>I try to put names in &#34;quotes&#34;, URLs and URL parameters in <b>bold</b>, and commands and code as <code>code</code>. If you need to input custom data, I put what you need to replace in [brackets].</li>
  <li>Please try and attempt each challenge before referencing my notes. It will be more difficult and take longer, but you'll learn much more.</li>
  <li>Don't use my text or my particular solutions in any other forms of media, or attempt to pass off anything I write here as your own. I understand that solutions are often done in a similar manner as what I put here, so I understand that the commands and tools you use may be the same as mine. That's fine. Just don't copy my other notes or stuff that is clearly generated by me.</li> 
  <li>These notes should be for personal use only. Educational, commercial, or governmental use is expressly prohibited without my written consent.</li>
  <li>Don't use any of this for illegal purposes. I understand that not all IT security people feel the need to stay white-hat. However, I myself am purely white-hat, and I expect you to be the same. Don't use my notes - or the skills you learn by using my solutions - for anything that could even be concievably mistaken as illegal activity. If you wouldn't do it in front of an FBI agent or your mom, don't do it at all. I will go out of my way to help law enforcement if they reach out to me about something I post here.</li>
</ol>

Any questions, comments, concerns? Let me know. Have fun!

-Mark
<br>
Twitter: @markrudnitsky
